we have been saying this everyday. I need some more substance out of it. Where is the substance piece. You can say seek the action but what does that really mean.
You and I both know what fake hustle is. We can pretend to go after loose balls and dive on the floor but that doesn't really cut it. You have had the scouting report for several days now. I expected you
should know all of the players very well by now. This is guy is a bitch, you really have to do your work early on this guy. The value of the day is passion. the value of the day is hard work. the value of the day is
accountability. collective and individual accountability is key in our success. the value of the day is toughness. the value of the day is family. you are my PHAT family. 
You really got to know the plays. I need more out of you Cooper. was he holding your jersey. Lie to me. Look at the film. you just got whooped.
You guys have to getting premium fuel in your bodies. I drive an old Honda element. You guys have to treat your bodies like Lamborghinis. you know that FIAT stands for fix it again tony.
You want to eat the crop without ploughing the fields. ploughing the fields is sealing your man and seeking the action. Kael is from Kansas. They grow corn and wheat in Kansas, right Kael?
You can't get screened in practice and you can't get screened in real life. I would invest in Grant enterprises. you ever think about walking. walking is now a habit. guitar. did i ever tell you that my family is a basketball.
sports and injury go together like peanut butter and jelly. are you hurt or injured. are they going to have to cut it off? are you going to live? Dan bobbling the ball is like dropping his baby. 

as matt said that was one of our goals. We hope that group rebounding was one of our MOs. Since we are not the best offensive team we need to group rebound on the defensive end.

It is going to sound cliche but we just lost a lot of good players in the past few years. We want to be good at defending, rebounding and taking care of the basketball. You gotta value the rock.

